dao/CategoryDao.java
 dao.CategoryDao
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
dao/impl/UserDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.UserDaoImpl
dao/impl/CartDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.CartDaoImpl
model/CartItem.java
 model.CartItem
dao/impl/CategoryDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.CategoryDaoImpl
model/User.java
 model.User
dao/impl/ProductDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.ProductDaoImpl
dao/UserDao.java
 dao.UserDao
service/UserService.java
 service.UserService
dao/CartDao.java
 dao.CartDao
model/Category.java
 model.Category
>>>>>>> 310ac6409af1f897da810405b49012ee59ad38cf
dao/ProductDao.java
 dao.ProductDao
service/impl/ProductServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.ProductServiceImpl
dao/impl/ProductDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.ProductDaoImpl
service/CategoryService.java
 service.CategoryService
dao/impl/CategoryDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.CategoryDaoImpl
service/ProductService.java
 service.ProductService
jdbc/JDBCConnection.java
 jdbc.JDBCConnection
service/impl/CategoryServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.CategoryServiceImpl
model/Product.java
 model.Product
model/Category.java
 model.Category
service/CartItemService.java
 service.CartItemService
controller/AdminController.java
 controller.AdminController
dao/impl/CartDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.CartDaoImpl
service/CartService.java
 service.CartService
model/CartItem.java
 model.CartItem
model/Cart.java
 model.Cart
dao/CartItemDao.java
 dao.CartItemDao
service/impl/CartItemServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.CartItemServiceImpl
dao/impl/CartItemDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.CartItemDaoImpl
service/impl/CartServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.CartServiceImpl
<<<<<<< HEAD
model/User.java
 model.User
dao/UserDao.java
 dao.UserDao
dao/CartDao.java
 dao.CartDao
service/UserService.java
 service.UserService
dao/impl/UserDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.UserDaoImpl
service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.UserServiceImpl
controller/WaitingController.java
 controller.WaitingController
controller/ClientController.java
 controller.ClientController
=======
service/impl/ProductServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.ProductServiceImpl
service/impl/UserServiceImpl.java
 service.impl.UserServiceImpl
model/Product.java
 model.Product
controller/AdminController.java
 controller.AdminController
service/CategoryService.java
 service.CategoryService
dao/impl/CartItemDaoImpl.java
 dao.impl.CartItemDaoImpl
>>>>>>> 310ac6409af1f897da810405b49012ee59ad38cf
